Portfolio Web Site User Stories 
Goal: Build a four-section portfolio webpage that follows HTML & CSS best practices 
Technologies: HTML, CSS
Extra Resources: 	https://themetrust.com/most-important-features-for-portfolio-sites/ 
			https://collegeinfogeek.com/personal-website-examples/
Hosting: When creating your GitHub repository for this project, be sure to:
Name the repo “yourgithubusername.github.io” (ex., If your GitHub username is “AaronRodgers12,” your repo should be named “AaronRodgers12.github.io”)
Name your homepage ‘index.html’.
If you do this correctly, when anyone visits that address (yourgithubusername.github.io), it will take them to the index.html page included in your repo! 
Project Points: 60
Weighted Total out of 10 Course Points 
User Stories: 
(5 Points) As a web developer, I want to make a simple wireframe for my website so that my portfolio site has a design to follow. Be sure to include this file in your repo (i.e., photo of a pen + paper sketch or a file from a wireframing tool like Adobe XD).
(2.5 Points) As a web developer, I want my page to be saved as ‘index.html’ 
(5 Points) As a web developer, I want to build a ‘home’ section. 
(5 Points) As a web developer, I want to build an ‘about me’ section. 
(5 Points) As a web developer, I want to build a ‘projects’ section. 
(5 Points) As a web developer, I want to build a ‘contact’ section. 
(10 Points) As a web developer, I want to have an external CSS stylesheet that consists of a variety of styles
(5 Points) As a web developer, I want to have high-quality images, including an image of myself on my ‘about me’ page. 
(7.5 Points) As a web developer, I want to have project placeholders (title, description, image, etc.) for any future projects that will be placed on my ‘projects’ page. 
(10 Points) As a web developer, I want to produce high-quality, original content so that any text written on my portfolio site is engaging and without spelling and grammar mistakes. 
Bonus: 
(5 Points) As a web developer, I want my web page to be mobile responsive.